Considering the rapid urbanization of China, while it brings a great improvement in Chinese GDP, there are also some problems that come along with it. The fast development definitely can be an attractive pull factor to those people from rural areas. The factors that influence the migration trend can be generally described as push and pull factors. Because of the obvious chance, advanced social services and benefits, during the past few decades, a great amount of the population shifted from rural to urban, which also caused a spatial shifting and recreated the social and economic structures. And the relaxation of the Hukou system during that time also increased the population's mobility. The population and spatial shifting also redefined the whole food security scenario. However, with the rapid urbanization, an increasing gap in regional development among eastern, central and western regions. It is caused by the significant inter-provincial migration in China and also caused further migration. The urbanization process started from the Pearl River Delta, and the barycenter of agriculture, typically for grain production, moving towards the eastern part of China. 

It does cause some problems under this kind of situation. Because of the unequal distribution of resources between urban and rural areas, as well as the difficulties of shipping and transportation, the selling of productions cannot effectively go through a B2B way. Also, it usually presents an unequal between supply and demand. For nowadays agricultural situations, a very typical situation is that when the farmers find out a special kind of production can bring a huge benefit, they are very likely to greatly improve the production quantity of that. Increasing in supply definitely will cause a decreasing in price, as well as the profit. In today’s society, most urban areas are showing over consumption which causes food waste. They are willing to pay a high price for a product, but actually do not need a huge quantity for that. The gap of the information between rural and urban sometimes will cause a great number of unsaleable products for farmers. And this situation becomes more and more obvious along with the urbanization process. So it will be a good way to use the GMM model, which is a good way that allows flexible definitions and able to estimate the future trends from existing moments of the whole data set. It is a proper method for this case since the past few decades of Chinese imgration trend is worth analysis. 
