Considering the development of today’s society, especially for those advancing in technology and data collection, the study of big data starts to get into people’s sights. It is a great improvement for human development in the scientific field and definitely gonna change a lot of things. In the first article, Anderson uses the several traditional scientific fields. The idea is that that big data is the “end of theory” and “makes the scientific method obsolete”. It is true that data science will greatly influence human science, however, it does not mean that data will obsolete the traditional scientific method. It presents a process of shifting from theory to data. Just as the second passage says, big data is not simply denoted by numerical material. It can be collected through various fields through different methods, which can be considered as characteristics of big data. Because of the differences in data collecting methods, such as simply collecting all the data or taking samples that represents the whole population. All of this can impact the result of data. Also,  is always massive and dynamic. In today’s society, for example in social media, the data collected from it is changing every second. It means that data analysis is a process of keep updating. We can say that data science brings out a brand new way of thinking in science and brings a significant transfer to science development at the same time. But it can still have something different from traditional science. Instead of trying to understand the world, it focuses more on predicting events in future. People focus on its effect more than its principle. In definetlyn can be considered as an interdisciplinary field of study since data can always be taken from different fields. And, considering the data contributors are mostly human beings, it actually advances a better understanding of human movement. In the age of big data, data driven science is an extremely representative method among the existing science studies. Comparing the first article, the second one is more focused on the social influence of data science. Because of the complexity of humans as well as the close related social economic system, I feel like theory is still existing and humanized by big data. The predicting from data collection is still based on the data collection of the cause relationship. However, I do believe that the ignorance of theory is existing. 
